There has been so far a two-week ceasefire between Iran and the United States.
The ceasefire is supposed to end tomorrow.
And right now, the Americans have gone to a somewhat bad
to negotiate a possible peace treaty.
The Iranians may go, they may not go, we don't know yet.
It is entirely possible that Iranians will go to some bad,
and it's entirely possible that they will negotiate a ceasefire,
a peace treaty that ends the war.
But unfortunately, this war will not end.
So a lot of people believe that this war, it is just because Donald Trump
has decided to go to war with Iran for whatever reason.
But that's not true.
This war in Iran is actually part of a larger strategic vision
that the United States has to maintain its empire.
And today, I want to explain why that is the case,
and how this war will progress.
But first, I want to look at some recent events from these past two weeks.
When the big news these past two weeks is that there are a lot of oil
we find out that are a fire, they've been a light.
So even as the world has been cut off from 20% of energy from the Middle East,
there are a lot of oil we find out that are being destroyed.
So this is from Russia.
And this is actually Russia's largest oil we find out.
And as you can see, it is pretty extensive.
This is not Russia.
It is actually a lot of places.
So this is Myanmar.
And these are 10, 10 oil prices.
So there are a lot of oil factories that have that are being destroyed right now.
We don't know why this is happening, but there's a lot.
There's already been over 50 oil factories that have been on fire these past 45 days.
Another thing that's been happening is that even though there's a ceasefire in effect,
the Americans have imposed a blockade on Iran.
And the Americans have escalated the situation by boarding and basically taking over
any way any ship we're turning from China.
So let's just look at some of the footage.
So what happened was that there was a ship where we turned if we're China.
And the Americans suspected that the ship had important fuel and components for ballistic missiles.
The Americans tried to board the ship.
The ship would not stop.
Then they were going to fire at the engine and then they boarded the ship with special forces.
And this is what we could sort of act of piracy.
And before the Secretary of War, Peter Hexf, he'd be for a complaint that you have to let ships
freely navigate in the seas.
But he's also said that it's probably okay for the Americans to steal ships.
To be clear, threatening to shoot missiles and drones at ships, commercial ships that are
lawfully transiting international waters, that is not control.
That's piracy.
That's terrorism.
Certainly, Venice.
Okay, so you understand.
So the fact that Iran has closed off a certain homoose and trained to attack ships with drones
and ballistic missiles, that is wrong.
That is piracy.
Unless the Americans do this, okay?
Unless the Americans do this.
The well is taking notice of that.
And it continues because two oil tankers, two overnight,
or seized by the United States of America, state list or sanctioned because the oil blockade,
the quarantine of oil out of unsancered or state lists, sanctioned or state lists, vessels,
continues.
That leverage will continue as Secretary Rubio outlined.
Okay, so that's not make sense.
It is wrong for the world to be pirates and to seize ships.
But it's okay for the United States to do this because United States is the one that sets the rules for
the world.
Da, okay.
So this war is not going well for the United States.
This is a Rick Scott and he's a senator from Florida.
He explains that it doesn't really matter if the war is not going well for the United States,
because what's happening is that we're partying China.
And that's what's important.
How do you feel like the war and Iran, which is sort of an a ceasefire right now?
How do you feel like this is going?
Should the US wrap this up, get out of there now, or do you think there's more to do there?
I think I appreciate the Trump's trying to get rid of the nuclear weapons.
I don't want to dive by a nuclear weapon from Iran.
They want to kill us.
I mean, this appeasement of bullies.
I don't know if you're in your life, if that's where for you guys, it's never worth for me.
And so they want to kill us.
So they're very, they're getting close to being a position in kill us.
And they basically have been kill in Americans.
So I think what Trump did is the right thing.
Now, I think this, they're, he has to, he has to get the them in a position that they
don't have the ability to do nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles.
That's, I think that's where we have to go.
I don't know what the right approach is going to be.
I think blocking the straightaway moves is, it's fine for my standpoint.
If no oil ever goes to China again, and their economy is destroyed,
that would be a really wonderful day for me.
Okay, you guys understand, the Americans may lose this war,
but if the end result is that China, no longer gets any oil from the Middle East,
and their economy is destroyed, it's worth it.
All right, okay.
Even now, even at this late stage, we're about 50 days into this war,
the Americans have yet to explain why this war started in the first place.
So this is carrying a limit, and she was asked by reporter again why this war started.
And this is a response.
I said yesterday for the first time that he had to strike Iran,
because he believes that Iran was going to strike the U.S.
targets within seven days, and then he then bumped that down later to three days.
And we're going to see getting that.
Well, that's not the first time the president has said that he chose to launch
Operation Epic Theory because he felt as though Iran was going to strike the United States
in our assets in the region first.
Again, I addressed this in the last briefing.
This was a feeling the president had based on facts, facts provided to him.
So it was a feeling based on facts, okay.
That's why Trump started this war.
Trump himself has given conflicting signals.
He said that this war is going to end soon.
He's also said that this war is going to continue.
All right, so he changed every day.
We have the blockade, the blockade has been very successful and the equal success has been
the five weeks before the blockade, the combination is pretty lethal today.
So we're going to be knowing first shortly.
So he's saying this war is going great.
We should have a ceasefire soon, okay.
And then maybe an hour later he's like, oh, I think I need to drop bombs on Iran.
So there's a lot of conflicting signals coming from Trump.
And what I want to show you today, what I want to argue to you today is that you have to ignore
these signals and focus on the larger American strategy in this war.
And once you understand the strategy, then it's very easy for us to understand how this war
will progress over the next few years, okay?
Is this war is not going to end soon?
It won't be a few months, it'll probably be a few years.
And quite honestly, it may take 10 or 20 years, okay.
So let's look over some more news.
So as I mentioned previously,
oil refineries are getting sabotage, either by accident or purposefully.
What this tells us is that in the past 45 days,
there have been at least 45 recorded incidents around the world of oil refineries being set on fire, okay?
So Iran was bombed by this release.
And then it's released responded by attacking Qatar.
Russia's being attacked by Ukraine.
And the big one is that in Australia, in Jelon, one of the refineries
was set on fire, and they claim it was an accident.
But this is important because Australia's mad at war,
but Australia needs oil, okay?
So right now, Australia's in a lot of trouble.
Romania, Bucharest, has been hit, India has been hit,
Marmar has been hit, okay?
So around the world, there are these fires going on, destroying the world's oil supply.
So why is this happening?
And who's doing this?
We don't know, and quite honestly, we may never know.
But to feel the answer, you always ask yourself,
who benefits, right?
And you always look at three things, means, motif, and opportunity.
And so from this, you could figure out that the majority of these fires are being set
or being deliberately set in order to reduce the world's oil supply.
And the people who can do this, the people benefit from doing this,
are the Russians or the Americans, okay?
One of these two, it's probably both, but we don't know for sure yet.
All right, this war, as we discussed previously,
it's already having tremendous impact on the world economy.
So sulfur has risen in price by 57%.
So for some important, for the manufacture of fertilizers,
as well as for microchips, okay?
Jetfield has gone by 52%, so next time you're flying in the United States,
it's gonna be a much more expensive ticket.
Eurea is a more fertilizer, diesel, gasoline, fertilizer.
So basically food and energy, their price have gone way up.
Okay?
Donald Trump makes a statement saying that the Iranian flag,
cargo ship Tuscca has been boarded by the Americans, okay?
And Donald Trump continues to threaten the Iranians and say that you can
continue to close other shrimp homoos, then we will negotiate with bombs basically, right?
No more Mr. Nice guy. And quite honestly, what he's also saying is,
we don't really care because we don't need that oil from the Middle East.
Also, we can sell our oil to the world, okay?
The United States loses nothing. In fact, many ships are headed right now to the US,
Texas, Louisiana, Alaska, the low-up comments of the RRGC,
what do you want to be the tough guy, all right?
So we're the ones benefiting from this war.
So we have nothing to worry about.
All right, so another thing that I want you guys to pay attention to is how America is moving towards
a war economy, all right? So the Pentagon has been in talks with General Motors and Ford
to make Manitians drones and military equipment, all right? So this last happened in World War
II when America moved to total war. There are factories that used to make cars
were now making tanks. But knowing that, but Trump also nothing called a defense
production act as of today. And what this does is basically allows government to subsidize
private corporations in the manufacturer of weapons, okay? So these companies,
General Motors Ford, they can make a lot of money because of this war.
That's something to keep in mind. Starting December, Americans who are age 18 to 626
will be automatically registered for the draft, okay? So it's very likely that America will
soon introduce a national draft and force young men to go fight in the Middle East.
Currently, the Pentagon budget is $1 trillion. Next year, it'll be $1.5 trillion,
so increase by of 50%. Okay? And we can expect that they are after it might be $2 trillion.
Um, more veterans are now being asked to serve longer, okay? So what we're seeing is that
the United States is moving towards a wartime economy, okay? They're preparing for what we call
total war when an economy moves towards the manufacturer of weapons and munitions.
All right, another thing that's that's been happening that you should pay attention to, it's a fact
that there's very little opposition. In fact, there's no opposition to Donald Trump
fighting this war in Iran. You would think that the Democrats, his opponents, when users are
opportunity to promote anti-war messages or sort of stop him from plunging America into another
former war in the Middle East. Instead, the Democrats are doing as much as possible not to do anything.
So recently, in Congress, they had a vote as to whether not to restrict Trump's ability to fight
this war, okay? And there were four Republicans who did not vote. And one Republican who voted,
we should restrict Trump, okay? And so this vote should have been 2014 to 2013 in every yes.
We will restrict Trump's war powers. But then what happened was that one Democrat, just one Democrat,
decides, I want to switch my vote to no. So now, now becomes 2014 to 2013.
Did you understand? Guys, this is all political theater, you understand? It's all theater,
meaning that it was already pure range between the Republicans and Democrats that this
resolution would fail. In other words, it may be two Republicans voted, yes, then two Democrats
would have voted, no. If 10, Republican supported, yes, then 10 Democrats would have voted, no.
You understand? The Democrats are not opposing this war, they're doing as much as possible to support
this war. So the question that is, why is this happening? Why is the American moving towards
a wartime economy? Why are the Democrats so supportive of this war? And the answer has to do with
empire, okay? So this has been called the National Defense Strategy that came out in journey
2026. And this is the blueprint for how the Pentagon will fight wars for the next 5 to 10 years.
This is a strategy behind the Iran war. All right. And so what we're going to do is we're going to
be trying to parse together to analyze how the Americans will strategize about the world moving forward,
okay? So, I think could you help me read please. Thank you.
For too long, the U.S. government neglected, even rejected, putting Americans and their concrete
interests first. Previous administrations squandered her military advantages and the lives,
goodwill, and resources over people in grandiose nation building projects and self-congratulatory
pledges to uphold cloudcastle abstractions like the rule-based international order.
These past leaders neglected and often actively undermined our warfighters were her ethos
in their military's core irreplaceable role, fighting, winning, and thereby deterring the wars
that really mattered to our people. Consequently, President Trump entered office with the nation
on the precipice of disastrous wars for which we were unprepared. Okay, so certain things to
keep in mind, okay? Conquit interests first means that we have to think about resources. We
have to think about concrete advantages to America. We can no longer think about ideals, okay?
Second is the idea of world-space in national order or the globalists.
Before America was spending wars for their nations or for Europe or for Japan,
with the fight wars for America, okay? And the last thing is the idea of
undermine our warriors ethos, okay? Under mine are warrior ethos. What this means is that before
America was spouting by too many rules, okay? What would it call rules of engagement?
Okay? Or basically avoiding war crimes. You were not allowed to kill civilians,
you needed permission from the nation's white wars, and what this is saying is like
school that, okay? School rules of engagement, we should just fight wars to win wars. That means
we kill as many people as we need, that means we do whatever is necessary in order to win wars, okay?
So this is what the first part of us saying here. It's a new vision of American power.
Before it was about ideals, now it's about interests. Before it was about globalism,
now it's about America first. Before it was about rules engagement, now it's about the
war ethos, okay? Please continue reading, I agree. President Trump has decisively changed that
courageously putting Americans first to truly make America a great once again. Under his leadership,
the United States has the world's strongest, most lethal, and most capable military, indeed,
the most powerful military that this world has ever seen. A longer world of department be
distracted by interventionism, and thus wars, regime changes, and nation building. Instead,
we will put our people's practical concrete interests first. We will support a policy of actual
peace through strength. We will be the sword and shield to deter war with the goal of peace,
but ready to fight and win the nation's necessary wars of cold upon. This is a good way.
So the importance of sentence here is we will support a policy of actual peace through strength.
What this means is that we will be so mighty, we will be so invincible, we will be so fearless
that we will still fear in others. There will be so afraid to fight us, and therefore we will
have peace. So it's the idea of hegemony. Peace through might, peace through power.
We have to demonstrate we are invincible when people fear us, that when people will obey us,
when people obey us, that's when we have peace. This is not an isolationism. To the contrary,
it means a focus in genuinely strategic approach to the threats our nation faces and how to
best manage them. This approach is based on a flexible, practical realism that looks at the world
in a clear eyed way, which is essential for serving Americans' interests. As a national security
strategy articulates, this is the common sense approach present-trump past advanced.
Okay, fine. So this does not mean isolationism. It's about how to best manage them.
So the idea here is that America before it was engaged in too many wars overseas,
it was too spread out. America will now be focused on maintaining and protecting its
course strategic interests. That means the vibe and conquer, the vibe and conquer, the vibe and
walk. Okay, I will explain this as we go on. All right. So these are the four strategic
interests of the United States, okay? Can you read our book? We will defend the homeland and ensure
that our interests in the Western Hemisphere are protected. We will deter China and the Indo-Pacific
through strength and not confrontation. We will increase burdened sharing with allies and partners
around the world. And we will rebuild the U.S. defense industrial base as part of the president's
one-tonous entry revival of American industry. Great. So this is it, okay? This is the plan
moving forward. And already we're seeing the Americans are doing this. All right. So we build the U.S.
defense industrial base, okay? Basically it means factories and resources, right? Making sure
that America becomes the arsenal of democracy. Its factories produce all the weapons
American needs in order to protect its interests as well as protect its allies.
Um, we will increase burdened sharing with allies and partners around the world, okay?
It's basically means that from now on, we're not friends. From now on, we're the boss
and you do what we tell you to do, okay? From now on, we will order Japan, South Korea, Europe,
NATO to do what they must in order to protect our power and they must follow us. Basically it
produces them all, Vasilyge. That's number two. Number three is we would deter China in the
Pacific Food Strait, not competition. We don't want to destroy China, we don't want to hurt China,
but we need to try to obey us. Now what to do that is by containing China, struggling
China economically, and also promoting Japan, okay? So in the future, China and Japan will balance
each other out, and that allows us to rule over them, right? In the future, we America will sell
resources, weapons, and financing the both China and Japan as they compete against each other
in East Asia. That's how we will contain China. And then the idea of we would defend the
home, homeland, and ensure that our interests at worst hemisphere are protected, okay? So basically
this means that the worst and hardest fear belongs to America. We will do whatever we want
in the worst of hemisphere. If you want to come watch the hemisphere, you need a permission. If
you China or Russia, you want to come into worst of hemisphere, you have to get our permission,
you have to pay a tax to us, okay? This is a really important. Take that in the homeland.
The homeland, this basically means a police state. Before America was too free
and therefore, America was too weak. The example is to be in that war when the war was
out lost in Vietnam, the war was lost at home. We get too many people, too many young men
podcasting on the streets, too many rebels. If we want to win wars, if we want to protect strength,
if we want to create peace in the world, we need to ensure that our home front is secure,
all right? And that needs making sure that Americans follow a law. Do what they told.
Okay? So I'll explain this more as we go along. All right. So now let's move on to China, okay?
So can you read, Library?
To turn China in the Indo-Pacific through strength, not confrontation.
President Trump seeks a stable peace, fair trade, and respectable relations with China.
And he has shown that he is willing to engage President Xi Jinping directly to achieve those
goals, but President Trump has also shown how important it is to negotiate from a position of strength
and he has tasked the W accordingly. Consisting with the President's approach, the W will therefore
seek an open water range of military to military communications with the people's liberation army
with the focus on supporting strategic stability with Beijing as well as de-confliction and de-escalation
more generally. But we will also be clear eyed and realistic about the speed, scale and quality
of China's historic military buildup. Our goal in doing so is not to dominate China, nor is it
to strangle or humiliate them. Rather, our goal is simple to prevent anyone including China from being
able to dominate us or our allies. In essence, to set the military condition required to achieve
the end of the school of a balance of power in the Indo-Pacific that allows all of us to enjoy
these in peace. To that end, as the NSS directs, we will erect a strong denial of defense
along the first island chain. We will also urge and enable key regional allies and partners to
do more for our collective defense. In doing so, we will reinforce deterrence by denial so that all
nations recognize their interests are best served through peace and restraint.
So again, this is a very clear plan. What this is saying is this, we're going to go to China,
we're going to be friends, we have to do so from a position of strength. What does that mean?
First of it means that we will embargo China. How can we embargo China through the first
island chain? The first island chain is Japan, Taiwan, the Philippines. If you embargo China,
it means China cannot access the city of Malaka. We provide China with 8% of its energy needs.
And so, if you embargo China has no choice but to obey you, your negotiation from the position
of strength. The other thing is that we're going to enable key regional allies and there's this
of course we do Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, right? In this
great sort of Malaka. We will have these nations challenge Chinese supremacy in order to create
balance of power balance in these Asia. And once this power balance is created, they all depend
on us in the United States, because we have energy, we have food, we have weapons, we have financing.
So again, if you just read this, it's very, very clear what the United States wants to do
and they're already doing it. All right, so this is a conclusion, okay? I agree, can you read please?
Take our nation from the precipice of a world war just a year ago,
President Trump has now lead our nation into a new golden age, one defined by putting Americans
first in a common sense, pragmatic and concrete way. No longer will we swans or Americans will
resources and even lives in foolish and grandiose adventures abroad. But we will not retreat.
Rather, we will unabashedly prioritize Americans' concrete interests with an approach of flexible
realism. We will restore the warrior ethos. We will refocus the American military on its core
irreplaceable goal of winning the nation's wars decisively. In doing so,
as President Trump has so memorably emphasized, our purpose will not be aggression or petrol war.
Rather, our goal is peace, peace is the highest good, but not a peace that sacrifices our
people's security, freedoms and prosperity. Rather, a peace that Americans deserve, a noble and
proud peace. Fortunately, this peace is compatible with the interests of our potential opponents,
if they keep their demands reasonable and, and, cabinet. We do not demand their humiliation or submission.
Rather, we demand only that they respect our reasonably conceived interests and those of our allies
and partners who stand stoutly with us. If we all can acknowledge this, we can achieve a flexible
and sustainable balance of power among us and peace. But we, at the Department of War,
we'll be ready if our gracious offer is burned. We know that wishing for these in peace is not
the same thing as bringing it about. Thus, if our potential opponents are unwise enough to reject
our peaceful overtures and choose conflict and said, America's armed force will stand ready to fight
and win the nation's wars in ways that make sense for Americans. To ensure that this is
the case, the strategy will ensure that we see things and the choices we need to make clearly.
We will prioritize addressing the most consequential and grave threats to Americans' interests.
We will revamp our network of allies and partners to meet the threats we face.
And we will be ready, always carrying the sharpest and most formidable sword,
but prepared to offer the all of branch.
Okay, so this is very clear, okay? What he saying is this, obey us and there will be peace.
Defias and there will be war, okay? The key idea is we will prioritize addressing the most
consequential and grave threats to Americans' interests. Okay, sorry, can you give it back to you?
Okay, so I want to show you what this means. Basically, it means that from now on,
America will adopt a new strategy, okay? All right, so if this ceasefire does not work and
work continues, then we will expect around to the fighting will get much worse, okay? So the
Americans will start to target civilian infrastructure including bridges, universities, reservoirs,
power plants, deceleration plants. Basically, it will destroy Iran's capacity to be a nation-state.
In response, the Iranians can destroy a lot more energy infrastructure, okay? So what it's done now,
it's basically close off the struggle for the most, but you can also close off the Red Sea, okay?
And they can also target pipelines of natural gas. Basically, it can take offline one-third of the
world's energy supply, and this would, of course, cause an economic depression, okay? Unfortunately,
the natural security strategy of the United States doesn't really care. If you just read the
natural security strategy, they already have factors in and don't really care. So the idea is to
prioritize strategic interests. And what this basically means is that America has the world's greatest
navy, no one else comes close. And so all they do is contain the world's choke points.
And the world must bend to the will of America. It does that make sense. You're going to trade
then you must depend on American generosity, okay? So already what's happening is that this area,
it's being closed off, but America has made moves to close off other areas as well.
So Americans are certainly more control over the pandemic now, okay? Basically, the Western Hemisphere
is something called a Darnroll Doctrine. Darnroll Doctrine basically states that
American do whatever it wants in the Western Hemisphere. If you're going to come here and trade,
you have to go through us. China depends on a lot of resources from the Western Hemisphere,
especially from South America, right? Over here's something called a lithium triangle.
This is Venezuela. Brazil provides China with a lot of agricultural products,
soil beings basically. What Trump is saying is that, hey, in the future, we're going to trade over here
China, you have to go through us, okay? So basically, in bargling, the Western Hemisphere from China,
over here is something called the straight of Malaca. This is the most important choke point in the world,
especially for East Asia, because as you can see, the Middle East, if it is access,
South Korea, China, and Japan has to go through the straight of Malaca, but guess what, guys,
everything goes through the straight of Malaca. And this is important because United States has
signed a deal with Indonesia. So what can expect is that American Indonesia, in Indonesia,
their militaries will start to cooperate more and more. And the reason why is,
America is moving towards creating the first island chain. Basically, militarizing the first island chain
in order to deter China, to embargo China basically. What we're also seeing is that Japan
is now rapidly re-militizing. They're signing more agreements with Australian other nations,
okay? They're putting more weapons. This is all being encouraged by the United States as a deterrent
to China. Again, this is really important. America does not want to destroy China. It does not
want to destroy China. It wants to control China. Because the Chinese economy is still very strong and
powerful, and America wants to make sure that the Chinese are buying more US dollars.
Okay? So it is entirely possible what's going to happen is that the Chinese will have no choice,
but to buy from America, okay? Especially energy. The entire Western hemisphere belongs to
America. If you want to trade with the Western hemisphere, then you need to start to trade deal
with America. Okay? What America is also doing, that's really important, is that it's
planning to take over Greenland. Okay? But then when we're Greenland, you're blocking access
China and Russia cannot access the Western hemisphere, okay? If we're the Arctic, you're also
seeing control over the Arctic, okay? And there are lots of minerals and oil in the Arctic as well,
okay? The should of Gibraltar is also another strategic trope point, and America has decided
to deal with Morocco to enhance more cooperation. Okay? So I can see what America is doing is
when they mean strategic interests, partying strategic interests, what they mean is
exerting control over the world's trope points, so that they can control global trade, okay?
They're not going to control the entire ocean because it's much too big, but if they control
certain trope points, like the Middle East, the Middle East, and the Sri Lanka, that's probably enough,
okay? The point is to get China to submit. The point is to control China, not to destroy China.
All right, this is important because if you want to become a major power in the world, you need to
trade effectively. So Russia is something called the North-South corridor, as you can see it runs
through Iran, okay? Iran is very important for the Russian North-South corridor, and that's why
the United States is attacking Iran, okay? And that's why the United States is not going to
ever stop attacking Iran, because as long as Iran is at peace, Russia can trade with the world,
but if Iran is being destroyed, there's too much war, this entire region is blocked off from
both Russia and China, okay? Russia has something called the Belt and Road Initiative. As you can see,
okay, from a map, the center of the Belt and Road Initiative is of course, Iran, all right?
If China wants to access Africa, Europe, the Middle East, as you go through Iran,
or it goes through the sea, the straight of Malaka, but as already said, the next step for
America is to close off the straight of Malaka, as well, through Chinese trade. Then when you go,
well, then you go over to Western, the Western hemisphere, but that's American territory, okay?
Yes, you can trade with Russia, you can trade with Russia, you can trade with Russia, you can do that,
but it's not enough for your economy, it doesn't make sense. Right now, China gets about
a 20% of its oil from Russia, maybe Russia can provide 30% or 40% at most, that's very optimistic,
but you need, but where are you going to get the other 50%, 60%, okay? Your options are very limited,
if Iran is at war, can't give you any oil, then you're forced to buy from the United States,
okay? If you're forced to buy from the United States, United States can set the price,
you can set terms, you can dictate terms to you, and what the United States will say,
you're the buying US dollars, okay, and that saves their economy.
Does it make sense, guys? This is not a hard idea to understand. This is exactly what it says
in the US National Security Strategy, okay? So, in many ways, you can make the argument that
what's happening around the world right now, it's all in the American policy of containing China,
where in these flags are US military bases, as you can see, China's complete surrounded
by US military bases in Japan, in South Korea, in Taiwan, even in Indonesia and Malaysia,
China's Philippines, China's completed surrounded, okay? And this is it, the sort of Malaka,
this is a major choke point, and that you can see it's not that hard for America to cut off
that choke point, right? You see how much trade goes for the sort of Malaka, you can see how many
US bases are here, and you can see a lot of this trade goes for Middle East, but hey,
guess what, the Middle East is that war right now, so no more oil, no more energy, no more LNG from
the Middle East, so you might go to Angola, but this is very important, the Americans have recently
announced a naval blockade in the Indian Ocean, okay? So that's kind of your route as well.
So if you're China, yes, you could rely on Russia, but you see how little this is, okay?
This is too little trade between Russia and China, and you can build it up, but since
you take you 10, 20 years time, and then what do you do for the next 10 years, right?
Your people need food to eat, you need energy to feel your factories, and so for the next 10 years
you have no choice but to work with the United States, and that's what Trump means by negotiating
from the position of strength, because you can set terms, you can force China to accept
whatever terms you want, and quite honestly, just look at this map, there's very little
that China can do about it, okay? This is war in the Middle East, there's also this war in Russia,
which also absorbs a lot of Russian energy, so Russia doesn't have that much resources to spear
to China anyway, but America does, the Russian hemisphere does, because the Western hemisphere is
at peace, so as long as the hemisphere maintains a fortress, okay? Meaning it's not going to
attack the Western hemisphere, the Western hemisphere can continue to supply resources to the world
at war. So this is what the war is about, guys, okay? It's about creating conflict in the world,
so the United States can maintain its empire, and the way it maintains its empire is by maintaining
its control over global trade, okay? And the idea is America in the future will provide the world
with energy, resources, weapons, and financing, meaning we actually land youth of money to buy
this stuff as well, and what do we call this stuff? U.S. dollars, okay? And so this worked really well
in 1950s, and it's something called the Marshall Plan, okay? But the Marshall Plan.
Same idea where America made products and it led money to Europe to buy products from America.
Same concept here, where in the future, the world is at war, people are poor, but it's okay,
it means America will lend you money to buy energy resources and weapons from America, okay?
And the market factories will go up, America will be great again, make America great again, all right?
Okay, but for this plan to fully work out, America needs three things, okay? The first thing
that it needs to do is create a national draft. That makes sense, guys, because you need soldiers
in order to maintain America's core interests, right? So whichever nation is to find you,
you go attack, right? The goal is for Russia and Europe to cutely fight each other, the goal is for China
and Japan to cutely fight each other, and you need Iran to cutely fight with the GCC
and Israel, okay? So you have these three major conflicts around the world. But if there's any nation
that's at peace, well then you have to create conflicts, okay? Let me mean Africa.
You also want to control the Western Hemisphere, so you need soldiers to go and conquer nations
at the fire, okay? So the first thing that you need is a national draft, all right? The second thing
that you need is to call continuity of agenda. What does mean? It means like, now that you have
this plan in motion, you cannot have a change in government, okay? So let's just say
there's employment in this plan and they're doing that right now in 2028, the Democrats win.
Well that would screw things up, okay? So Trump needs a third term, right? A Trump third term.
Because only he can implement this plan and make America great again, okay? And the third thing
that you need is an AI surveillance state, basically a AI police state. Why? Because again,
this plan can only work if Americans don't rise up and revolt like they did in the Vietnam War, okay?
If you have a national draft in place, if Trump's going for a third term, there's only a lot of Americans
who are going to protest in the streets, who are going to be belt, right? You can't have that happen.
The school things up. Therefore you need an AI surveillance state in order to help them see the light, right?
So. Hi, guys, okay? Ice. People believe that ice is being sent to the streets of America
in order to catch little immigrants. The problem with this is that you don't need ice. You just
need cooperation from the state authorities, okay? What ice is really doing, especially
critical conditions for police state. It's normalizing or making calm in the idea of armed
soldiers for trolling the streets of America in all the major cities, all right? And the reason why
we think this or we can suspect this is, look at their budget, man. Look at this budget.
Before the budget was going to stable, then boom, it goes up to $90 million. That's a lot of money.
Okay? That's almost like a new national police force. That is only obedient to Donald Trump.
It's basically Donald Trump's private police force in order to implement his vision, okay?
Also, data centers, guys. Data centers. Now, I know that some of you are big fans of
artificial intelligence, but artificial intelligence doesn't really make any money, right? CHPT.
You don't, you can't make money off that. You can't make money off digital girlfriends,
or digital pets, right? So why is America bidding all these data centers around the world?
In fact, the federal government under Trump has a plan called abortion stargate
where they will build $500, okay? They will invest $500 in building data centers
around the United States. Well, you would want to build state centers if you want to create a AI
surveillance state, right? Where everyone has digital ID, did your currency, and wherever it can be
monitored, to avoid people from rebelling against Trump, okay? And that is the
idea, okay? And you listen to that and you think, oh my god, America is doomed,
or Donald Trump's going to become king for the rest of his life. There's something we can do.
Well, the problem is this. The problem is that this idea of empirical conquest is actually not
a new idea, guys, okay? It really is it. Empires up into this for a long, long time. There's
not worked out well, okay? So the goal again to summarize is to create a situation where you have
greater North America, or what they call the technique, okay? And this becomes a fortress.
You have infinite resources, infinite manpower, and you can sell weapons,
resources, and financing to the rest of the world. You want to create as much conflict in the world as
possible, right? So here it'll be between China and Japan. Here it'll be between Iran, Israel,
and the GCC, okay? Here'll be between Europe, and Russia. Basically, you want a world forever at war,
so that you can control the world. And all of America has to do is control key choke points, okay?
Key strategic choke points, like the sort of Malaka, Khomu's, Gibraltar, Panama. Why? Because once you
control choke points, you can control which nations get what resources. If a nation is become
too strong, you give them less resources. If a nation is too weak, you give them more resources.
And as a result, you can always maintain the balance of power in each region, right? So it's
going to be a plan, but it's not going to work out. Why? Well, because of some call, nationalism.
Okay? Because you need to do this. When you are an empire and you impose your will on other nations,
these nations are not happy about it, right? So imagine Japan, South Korea, Europe.
There are people who know that they're being used, right? So eventually, they'll be like,
screw this. We want to be independent. We want peace. So they will eventually rise up against
the empire. And the way they will do this is they will work together to
destroy America. Or basically, to remove America from the world, you can actually attack America.
Now, one of them can do is say, screw you with entire Western hemisphere. We have infinite resources.
We can make infinite weapons. And you can have our attack us so we'll come and attack you.
They can do that. The problem then is you have division and corruption.
So an empire in decline always suffers some corruption in division. Corruption just means that,
yes, you've allocated $1.5 trillion to making weapons. But guess what? The vast majority of that will
be stolen by people, right? The America right now is an electoral, because it's a very
cropped place. The vision means that the Democrats and Republicans fight all the time. What we call
political polarization. So it is possible that as America is being asked to fight more wars
overseas, you have civil war in America. The other thing is, when America takes over the entire
North America, including Canada, Greenland, Mexico, Cuba, Colombia, Venezuela,
the Guagga, Honduras. They will be happy about it, okay? So you're going to have insurgencies.
All right, and this three problems, nationalism, corruption and division means that when America
actually flies to implement this plan, it's going to backfire. It's going to accelerate the
collapse of the American empire, all right? And then you guys yourself, okay? If historically,
we know that empires will collapse. Why do they do this? And the answer is, because
it benefits up in a short term. This is a short term solution that creates long term problems.
But who cares what the long term? Let's just enjoy the short term, okay?
All right, doesn't make sense. Okay, um, any questions?
Let's put a war between Iran and America. You previously said that America will lose the war, but
according to the analysis that you just did, like America will try to control
nations around China and those nations, but it will finally backfire, so the result of that
predictions will still be America will lose, right? Yeah, so, so again, no,
made the prediction is not America made a short term seen as though it is winning, but a long term,
because of corruption division and nationalism, America will be forced to retreat back to the
Western Hemisphere and it will lose its empire, all right? And yes, America will lose the war in
Iran, okay, before it's retreat from Iran, but it doesn't really have to win the war. It doesn't
have to defeat Iran. It just has to make Iran constantly in a state of chaos in the war. It doesn't
make sense, because the point is to control the choke points, okay? The key are the choke points.
This is, these are the keys. This is what America must protect and what happens in Europe, Russia,
China, Japan, Iran, this is really matter. But what America wants to do is create as much chaos
as possible in these places so that they depend on America for resources, for financing, for weapons,
okay? Does that make sense? Okay, I'm really curious more if it loses its war in Iran.
That's not the point. The point is to maintain control of these strategic choke points.
So the world depends on American resources to survive, okay? Yeah.
Does China or any other countries, this serves that America is trying to control the trade
route of China? Okay, what America is doing is obvious, all right? It's silly. It's really obvious
to people, right? There's nothing you can do about it. This is nothing you can do about it because
America has a blue water navy that controls the oceans. So the question in this, what happens
in the long term? When the long term, what's it happening is that Russia, Russia will challenge
America in these choke points, okay? And this is what we're happening in Cuba, okay? Cuba is here.
And right, and well, this goes to the next class, but Cuba is under embargo right now,
and Cuba is trying to become closer to Russia, okay? So what Russia is going to do is
sub-basically, it's own navy to challenge the American navy. And Russia can not win against the
American navy, but what it can do is fight a war of attrition against the American navy,
raising costs, okay? That's number one. Number two is that if American can go and block energy supplies
around the world to make the war more dependent on America, well, Russia can also block energy supplies
to make the world dependent on Russia, okay? So what's going to happen is that Russia and America
are going to compete against each other, all right? And most of the world is only going to
side with Russia in order to balance United States. BG United States is too much of a bully.
And at this point, in a short term China has no toys, but to work with both Russia and America,
because China's not strong enough to challenge either. Does it make sense? Okay. Yeah, Alan?
So my question is about how Trump is going to deal with the internal conflict in
America? Like there's right now he only had like 37% of supporting rate. And Democrats seem
didn't agree with his plan, so how he's going to do about this. And if Democrat party didn't agree
with Trump's plan, what is the plan of Democrat to American? Okay, yeah. So first of all,
the Democrats have no plan. Okay, this, this is why America is in so much trouble,
because America, the Democrats have actually no plan on themselves, okay? So even if the Democrats
were to win office in 2028, what they would probably do is continue Trump's plan. These
themselves don't have any plan. Trump's plan to stay in power is just basically cheat. Okay,
he'll rebuild elections, he'll cheat. If that's, that's plan went forward. And he'll probably get away
a bit. Okay. Any more questions, guys? All right, so we'll continue this next class, okay?
